one of the most important limits of
science is that it isn't philosophy
science only deals with the physical
world and to discover regularities in
the physical world and also means of
controlling the physical world so that's
one limitation and what we call
scientism is the purported application
of science to problems that are really
philosophical such as the question of
whether animals really feel pain or not
we can tell whether animals nerves are
excited and whether their brains react
to that but whether an animal feels pain
in the sense that humans do or merely
reacts in the sense that a robot does
that is ultimately a matter of
philosophy because it's only philosophy
that can determine the Criterion for
science to use when trying to
distinguish between those cases